#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Segmentation of Prostate by Active Contour Model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Muhammad Arsalan Khawaja
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
4 May 2020
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
newenvironment{dedication}      {
\backslash
vspace{6ex}
\backslash
begin{quotation}
\backslash
begin{center}
\backslash
begin{em}}      {
\backslash
par
\backslash
end{em}
\backslash
end{center}
\backslash
end{quotation}}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{dedication} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

To Neha, the love of my life...!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{dedication}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Human Body is the most fantastic and perfect machine.
 The more we learn it, the more we are surprised.
 It's a perfectly designed system comprising of different sub-systems.
 These subsystems comprising of different organ systems work together in
 a complex, dynamic and efficient manner for its perfect health.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The prostate is one of the important body part , its a walnut-sized gland
 located between the bladder and the penis.
 The prostate is just in front of the rectum.
 The urethra runs through the center of the prostate, from the bladder to
 the penis, letting urine flow out of the body.
 The prostate secretes fluid that nourishes and protects sperm.
 During ejaculation, the prostate squeezes this fluid into the urethra,
 and it’s expelled with sperm as semen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float figure
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
